There are around more than 7 billion people in the world today.
And for each 29 persons,
statistically, one is a MIGRANT
This would mean that 3.5% of the world's population are Migrants.
And as IOM Operations Personnel
providing support to migrants is of utmost importance.
Each of you are familiar with the intricate processes and logistics involved
in the humane and orderly migration of Migrants.
But in this training,
we'll be focusing more on the processes that occur
behind the operations and logistics.
Specifically, we'll be looking at the Systems involved,
the important reports,
and the financial impact of your actions as IOM Operations Personnel.
This is the Movements Systems Support.